Right. I think we're OK.
All right. OK. Welcome to the
first workshop.
This workshop is for the
following two groups of
students, either you are doing
enrist politics or you are doing
enrist MSC. Social Research and
the reason why we are putting on
the students all together to run
the workshop is because you will
be following.
Slightly different dissertation
guidelines compared with other
post graduate taught students at
Berke, and I'm going to explain
what is the difference between
the typical MSC.
Students and embrace students
regarding our expectations for
your dissertation.
OK. And this is our plan for
today. I'm going to quickly talk
about what is a dissertation and
there will be a quick overview
of the dissertation process,
which basically starts from now
until next September and our
main focus today is to talk
about a dissertation proposal
form.
Give me a second. Someone's
coming in. I think someone's
coming in, right?
Yes, Brilliant's coming in.
Right. Where was that? Sorry, I
need to go back to my slides. My
apology. OK. Our primary focus
today is to talk about the
dissertation proposal form. I'm
going to explain the requirement
and why we have to see the
proposal from from you. And I'm
going through.
Like each part of the form to
to, to, to, to to make sure you
understand what information you
have put in. But to put this
very simply on dissertation
proposal, formal form is a very
important document.
It's not a assessment. You are
not going to get a mark from us,
but we need you to fill in a
form so we know enough about
your tentative dissertation
project to assign you a
supervisor. OK, so the deadline
for your dissertation proposal
form will be January 2025, and
most specifically on 12th
January 2025. And you can see.
On the link to submit your
proposal form on Moodle at this
moment.
You can also find the Ms Word
document for the proposal from
the Moodle and you can also find
link to the folder where you can
see examples of examples of
proposal form from the previous
year. OK and after that we're
going to open the floor for
Q&A and obviously you know
it's not the only chance you can
ask me questions if you have
any.
Additional questions on feel
free to get in touch and or come
to my office hours or schedule.
Meeting either in person or
online outside the office hours.
Alright. OK. So what is the
dissertation? Why do we do we
make you guys do the
dissertation right? OK.
Dissertation is basically an
independent original research
project guided by your
supervisors. OK, the reason why
I put supervisors here as a
plural noun because.
In many cases, and this is one
of the one of the special things
about social researcher
students.
Instead of giving you just one
supervisor under some
circumstances, you may have two
supervisors in the case that,
for instance, you know one of
the student was doing and rest
Social Research and the gender
and the sexuality and she that
particular student, she needs a
supervisor from gender and
sexuality to help her with
theory, beauty and leaders
review. But at the same time,
because she's going to do a
survey or experimental project.
And she needs another supervisor
like me or Barry or lost law to
help her with the empirical
analysis or research design. So
that's why it's really common
for Social Research students to
have more than one supervisor,
which is really unusual compared
with other MSA students. But at
the same time, even if you only
have one supervisor.
Me Chao. I will serve as your
secondary and the supporting
supervisor by default.
Even though it's not on paper.
OK, so at dissertation. Well,
some students will think you're
trying to write a book, but
you're not writing a book.
You're actually writing a
research article. And the
research article will be really
similar to the journal articles
you have been reading for your
modules, and you're going to
write somewhere between 12,000
and 15,000 words, excluding
appendix. OK.
So I would say when you're
trying to think about, you know,
your research question and the
scope of your research project,
you know.
Take it like a. You're writing a
book that will be published up.
You know, eventually it's it's
more it can consider this more
like you're writing a research
article. OK. And finally, the
reason why doing dissertation is
really important because it's a
rite of passage in the sense
that we are trying to hold your
hands to help you complete the
transition from the student.
To independent researcher, right
and by researcher, you know, I
don't just mean.
Researcher in academia I was a
main researcher in the industry,
right. Some of our students have
been doing research for for
governed offices, for charity
organisations, for private firms
or even for NHS. OK, so you have
been doing a lot of, you know,
15 credit meta modules. These
modules focus on giving you the
skills. OK, the skills you need.
So.
Only with meta you know. OK for
instance, you probably know how
to do a regression, but only
because you know how to do a
regression analysis does not
mean you know how to do a
research. OK, so we want to use
dissertation as a rite of
passage. Or, you know, as an
opportunity for you to to make
sure you can experience the you
know, like you can experience
what it is like.
To produce some potentially
original knowledge by yourself.
In the process, I'm gonna going
to lie. I'm not going to
sugarcoat on the process. The
process may be challenging and
may you may have to struggle,
you know, at different points,
you know, some students struggle
at very beginning. Some students
struggle at the data collection
period. Some students struggle,
struggle at the writing stage.
So that's why, you know, working
with us by us, I mean the
programme director and your
supervisors.
Are very essential because we
are here to help you, you know,
to give you guidance, to make
sure you get complete, you get
complete the transition from
being a student to being a
student researcher. OK, so this
is a quick overview of the the
whole dissertation process.
OK, so for this term, you may
not. Your main task is to finish
the dissertation proposal form.
All right. And a lot of student
have been in touch with me and
they have also been talking to
their potential supervisors. And
I also encourage everybody to do
that. You know, you can just go
to.
The the staff page of the School
of Civil Sciences or other
schools or other faculty's
depending on your programmes,
you know just to read through on
the publications of different
academics.
To identify a person you
potentially want to work with,
OK. And if you are provocative,
you know you can try if and also
if they put their e-mail address
on their website, you can just
e-mail them saying hey, I'm a
Social Research student. You
know, I'm really interested in
your research and I'm thinking
about doing something similar.
Can you can we have a can we
have a meeting or could you
please, you know give me some
quick ideas about whether
whether or not you know you'll
be.
Interested in serving as my
supervisor? A lot of students
actually find their supervisors
in that way.
There's also a good amount of
student who eventually just.
They go to talk to professors or
lectures who they took a module
with. This is usually the case
for ambassadors who are doing
either applied linguistics,
gender and sexuality psychosis
studies.
Low in the legal studies and
criminology. OK, so until now
until January, your main job is
to finish the dissertation
proposal from. That's why we're
going to spend a good amount of
time talking about what do you
have to put in there? OK.
So after January, so after you
submitted, you were dissertated
for in January, then you know I
will start the process of
supervisor allocation to make
sure you can have one or more
supervisors to to to, to guide
your research process. And I
believe in early March, doctor
Laura, Rachel Grey and Doctor
Berry maiden, they also have.
The 2nd order Screen
Dissertation Workshop where they
were.
And discuss a number of very
important issues, such as time
management review and most
importantly.
Ethics and the risk assessment
they will talk about what is a
process to, to complete to
complete the application and get
approval from the college to
carry out your research,
especially if your research
involves the collection of
primary data involving human
beings like interviews.
Or ethnography. This kind of
things, OK.
And once you have a supervisor,
then the real business starts.
You can start doing your
research and then you should
start working with your
supervisor and until the end of
the school year in July. OK. So
typically supervision.
Should end before the end of the
school year because during the
summer break, many colleagues,
many academics you know, may
have other obligations. They may
leave London or leave the
country.
For their family, or to carry
out their own research. So my
recommendation is you should
optimise on the rest of time
from March to July to work with
your supervisor as much as
possible and finish data
collection and focus on writing
during the summer. Then you
should submit your dissertation
by 15 September 2025, OK.
And obviously, you know, we know
many things are happen happening
in your life, you know,
everything's possible.
If you need extension or you
have to you have to defer the
submission of your dissertations
then toward the end of the
school year, I'm going to
announce the procedures on to
everybody, OK, because there has
also been a discussion around
the college about, you know, how
we can make the process easier
for the students. So students
don't have to, don't have to get
stuck with.
The anxiety that you know they
may not have enough time, or
they may have to deal with some
other unexpected, you know,
personal successes. They may
prevent them from submitting
their tests on time.
OK, so this is an overview of on
the relevant activities and the
events associated with
dissertation. So in turn 1 the
most important event is
something we are doing now. This
is on the opening workshop by
me, you know to make sure
everybody.
Is ready to get started. OK and
in turn 2 Doctor Laura, Richard
Grey and Doctor Berry Maiden,
where I think some of you are
taking large modules, so she'll
she's no stranger to you and
Doctor Berry maiden is the
director of Embrace Politics who
is coming back in January and
he's also going to going to
teach.
Experiment in social science in
in the summer term, so you have
the opportunity to see him
either in 10, two or ten three,
so they are going to talk more
about.
Some very important elements in
the dissertation. You should pay
attention to, and in the
summertime we are going to have
Social Research dissertation
fairs as part of master class.
So first Social Research
decision affairs basically is a.
It's an event where we are going
to invite the students to
present their working project in
front of all students and me and
you are going to get very
constructive feedback from not
only me but also.
Your classmates. OK, the idea is
not to kind like you know, to
to, to, to create a very formal
occasion that you know, you have
to really serious about the
presentation. No. The whole idea
to make you present your present
your working project in front of
everybody.
Is we want to create a friendly
and constructive environment to
support your research programmes
and hopefully you know you can
try to incorporate some of the
comments you received in the
during the presentation to
finish your dissertation and I'm
going to explain more about
Social Research. These
particular affairs in turn 3. So
if you are taking.
The master class. Then you know
you're going to do this anyway,
but for students.
Especially embrace students who
are not doing master class.
What I will send another e-mail
to oh few to invite you to join
Social Research, dissertation
fairs and they will be optional.
You know if if you think you
know doing presentation, doing a
quick presentation and you know
can serve as a checkpoint to
make sure you can come up with
some meaningful progress before
the end of the school year and
you feel more ready.
To complete your writing the
summer then you are very welcome
to join us all right?
And in turn 3, my understanding
is Doctor Laura, Rachel Grey,
and the doctor loss of Hovart
they will have another workshop
just for MSC politics students,
and in that particular workshop,
especially just Q&A, you
know Q&A they are, they are
going to be there to answer any
questions students have about
the anticipations.
You're very welcome to join
their workshop, but my my.
My piece of advice is.
When it comes to dissertation,
the main contact that you should
be, you should be aware of are
first your dissertation
supervisor and your programme
director. Because these are the
people who hold the most
important responsibility for
your dissertation. OK. And in
addition to this, different
workshops and presentations
events.
There will be additional
resources, additional activities
provided either by the college
or more broadly, by the
University of London, OK.
For instance, my understanding
is every every year in the
summer time, the study skills
team at Burbank, they will hold
a series of something they call
dissertation boot camps, where
it's basically the place.
They are going to create maybe
say you know, a meeting once a
week or twice a week, so sorry,
not twice a week like like
weekly or biweekly event. You
know where students can come in
just to focus on their writing
for instance, you can say, OK,
for these two weeks I want to
finish data collection.
And for these two weeks, I'm
gonna focus on on data analysis
and you move on to finish your
literature review introduction
conclusion and you're done with
your dissertation. Sounds very
easy, right? Because the process
should not that difficult
something and.
Should not be that difficult.
It's actually very
straightforward. But we do
understand, you know, two think
you know many students at a
Burbank, you know, have other
obligations. And at the same
time, some students may be new
to the research process. So we
want to provide, you know, as
many opportunities as possible
to make sure that you have a
place to go to focus on your
dissertation or you have some,
you know, checkpoint different
checkpoints on throughout the
year. So you can make sure OK,
for instance, before.
Decision fair. You know you want
to come up with, you know, some
outline of your dissertation so
we can present your project.
In front of everybody, OK.
So this is a dissertation
proposal form. Again, you can
find the dissertation form a
model. It can also find a link
to a folder where you can find a
number of very good examples.
From the previous year, OK.
Before I jump into different
components of dissertation
proposal form as here's a number
of reminders. First, the
proposal form is not an
assessment. You're not going to
get a marked you're not going to
get any written comments, but
I'll be happy to provide verbal
comments if necessary. OK, this
is first the situation. The
second possibility is.
After you submit your
dissertation proposal form, if I
think because I'm going to the
I'm going to be the person as
your programme director to read
your proposal form, OK?
If I think I need additional
information from you, I will get
in touch with you. For instance,
you know, I probably would
think, yeah, this is a really
interesting project, but I'm not
really sure if I have enough
information to talk to a
colleague at Burbank on your
behalf, then you'll get an
e-mail from me, OK?
So the proposal form is the
document we use to identify your
supervisor. OK, so.
The idea is you should put your
tentative research ideas. By
tentative, I mean, you know, we
know things will change so it
doesn't have to be really
complete, but it should be
coherent enough for me to get
some ideas about Yahoo can
potentially put you be your
supervisor if you cannot find
yourself a supervisor already.
All right? And again, the
deadline is in January and the
submission link is already
available on Moodle. OK.
The first part of the
dissertation form.
Basic personal information I I
know it's probably sound kind of
like unnecessary, but I just
want to remind everybody, please
make sure the information
they're putting here is the same
as what we see on my Bubba,
because what happened, for
instance, in one of the ears is
some students use a different
e-mail address or they're
putting the wrong programme
name. So.
Eventually we have to do some
additional admin work to really
find out.
Who the student is and what the
students is really up to.
Sounds tedious, but please make
sure before you submit your your
decision point you enter the
correct information, at least in
the information you put here
should be consistent with what
you have already provided to the
college, OK?
OK, next you have to put a title
and.
And define the scope of a
subject matter of your
dissertation project. OK, so
starting with the title, I mean,
you probably have been reading a
lot of different research
articles for your modules,
especially for introduction to
quantum Social Research and
qualitative research research,
right. So I would say, you know,
this is the place you have a lot
of flexibility.
You can try to be sure you can
try to be long and you can try
to make a umm come out with, say
really creative umm and and
catchy.
And and catchy title. Or you can
put kind of like a really
straight forward title to make
sure readers can understand.
What we are trying to research
about, OK, and some students,
sometimes they will try to use
like some phrases with reference
to English.
Classical literature just do
whatever you want, but no matter
what do you do, I think the
bottom line is please make sure
your title is understandable,
OK.
And then you have to describe
your subject matter. You know,
as part of the dissertation
form.
In this area.
It's very similar to the kind of
exercise of trying to come up
with an abstract of your
research paper, so you need to
mention number of things you
know. What are your research
questions? And given your
research questions, you know
what is the the key.
Area in terms of existing
literature, you are trying to
speak to and for some students
you know they may be focusing on
a particular context.
Say, you know they may be
focusing on a particular time
period, right? For instance, you
want to know public attitudes
for governments to put in more
support for NHS in the post
COVID era. OK, so this is where
you are trying to define the
time period you want to focus
on, and some students may try
to, you know, focus on a
particular country, for
instance.
I want to study, you know,
Electro violence in Africa.
Or I want to study why voters
vote for candidates on with
criminal charges in India. OK,
so define your contacts and
define your background because
by doing so you know it's also
easier for me to find you a
supervisor. For instance, if you
want to work on Africa, chances
are I'm going to find you a
person who is also working in
Africa.
And if you want to work on UK
politics, then you probably
should work with a colleague
starting British politics, which
means you know Chao, you, me, I
may not be your best supervisor
in this case, OK?
And you can try to say something
about, you know what is original
or distinctive about your
research. OK, I put this
question here, but I want to say
it's really not. It's not
something you should be. You
should feel very nervous about.
Just try to come up with
anything that comes to your mind
because eventually, especially
when we move to the summertime,
you know, by.
Giving your presentation from
everybody, we will try to help
you, you know, help you come up
with a case.
You know a argument to say why
your research is important and
all of the students in the past
have been managing, you know,
have been able to do that. And
to be honest.
If I can break a little bit
Social Research students at
Burbank usually can produce some
of the best dissertations.
Compared with other programmes
and it's it's to some extent,
it's not surprising in the sense
that because you are the only
group of students.
Who have received a really solid
rigorous at some level, probably
really demanding method training
before you move on. Your move on
to think about and write your
dissertation, OK. And we do have
a, you know, again as I say, we
have a lot of opportunities,
events and a workshop to and
also you have your supervisors.
You know we are you have a lot
of support to make sure we can
come up with.
The kind of dissertations you
want. So use us. So use this
event.
As much as you can, you know,
don't you're doing this really
just by yourself. OK. And
finally, in your description of
software meta, it can come up
with some simple description
about what kind of methods and
what kind of data.
You may be using for your
research. You know, some
students may say, OK, I want to
carry out interview or I want to
carry out focus group. I want to
focus, I want to carry out like
original surveys or I want to
use secondary data.
Oh, I want to combine all of
this.
The possibilities are many, but
please tell us just at this
moment.
What do you want to do? All
right. And eventually, when you
try to finish your dissertation
in the summer, you have to add
another part in your abstract to
talk about. You know, what are
your findings? You know, what
have you learned from the
findings? And, you know, and you
can say, you know, depending on.
Given your result, you know what
kind of new knowledge has been
produced to the subject area.
The subject matter.
You're trying to engage.
OK. So in terms of the research
questions, these are a number of
examples. OK. So for instance,
you can.
Say OK, how does something
happen?
For instance, let me try to come
up with example. For instance
for for a while, especially for
researchers, this is for
everybody, not just for politics
student.
So about two decades after the
end of the World War, two, a lot
of scholars really care. You
know, they're really positive by
revolutions because, you know, a
lot of country became communist
countries. They're going
through, you know, what some of
the they can go through some of
the very violent revolutions.
Right. So a lot of scholars
start asking, you know, how how
did revolutions happen?
So you can just ask a really big
question and focus on case and
then maybe use case study or
process tracing.
And this is something we call
developmental puzzle. You want
to know how a particular
political and social and
economic phenomena happen or
develop or unfold? OK. And the
next thing you can say, OK, so
when?
Supposed we know. OK, how
revolutions happen. Maybe one
additional question they can ask
is, you know, just for instance,
if this particular revolution
leads to a democracy, how does
revolution create a democracy?
What is the underlying
mechanisms of dynamics? Maybe
the dynamics involving a lot of
different socio economic
classes?
The mechanism involve a lot of,
you know, strategic interaction
between political leaves, civil
society, civil society, all this
kind of thing. OK, this is
something we call mechanical
puzzles, OK?
So sometimes the distinction
between developmental puzzle and
mechanical puzzles.
Is not very clear and usually
you know if you ask a
developmental question. Usually
you also have to address the
question of mechanisms. For
instance, OK, if we go back to
the case of revolution, then
French Revolution or Chinese
Communist revolution are
probably some of the most famous
revolutions we know in human
history. That of course we want
to know how did these two
revolutions happen.
Right. And then we want to know
why? Why did this revolutions
end out the way they they were
right. For instance, in the case
of French Revolution, we know
eventually there's Napoleon,
which is probably not quite
right. According to our current
understanding of modern
democracy. And in the case of
China, the Chinese Communist
revolution, obviously, you know,
created a communist regime or
one of the most long standing
hegemonic party regime.
OK, so which which comes to my
next point, you know, in
addition to developmental and
mechanical question, you can
also try to ask your question in
a comparative way. For instance,
going back to revolutions, one
of one of the most recent books
in comparative politics, ask the
following question. There have
been a lot of revolutions in
human history.
But sometimes revolutions can
create a democracy. Sometimes
revolutions can create
autocracy.
Why? OK, this is also a very
interesting question, obviously
also very important question and
you can also say, OK, there have
been many democracies in the
world. You know, some
democracies seems to be doing
OK. Some democracies have been
us seem to be OK because either
because the political leaders in
these democracies are trying to
undermine democracy or because
our democracy.
Is not sustainable in this
country because the the society
has become.
And that people don't really
trust the elections, and the
people don't really trust on
democracy as the best system in
town according to, you know, the
terminology by Evan Swansky. And
finally, you can also try to ask
a causal puzzle. For instance,
some people will say OK
Revolution's happening because
for some societies, there is a
really high level.
Of income inequality, then you
have to answer two questions.
For instance first.
Does high level of income
inequality?
Really lead to or increase the
likelihood of revolutions?
Maybe. Maybe, maybe yes, maybe
not. You have to answer the
question, and they usually, you
know, only after you answer the
cause of questioning. You know
you also have to answer the
mechanical part, which is how
does income inequality.
Really, really, really increase
the chance of revolutions. So
when people are trying to deal
with coalesposals, they are
usually also trying to answer
mechanical puzzles. OK, so this
is a really quick question and
obviously I know, you know
students are working in
different subject areas. So I
would say if you want to have a
conversation about your research
questions, you know, feel free
to get in touch with me.
And this is kind of like the
type one of the technology we
use to introduce students.
Two different potential prosper
research questions you can try
to address.
In your research, and as have
demonstrated already, you don't
necessarily have to, you know,
just deal with one type of
puzzles sometimes not. Usually,
you know, to come up with a
really rigorous research you
have to answer, like one or two
more types of research
questions, OK.
Sure. OK. Now you have a
research question and the next
thing in your research proposal.
Form is to tell us what are the
key literatures are you want to
engage. OK, we're not asking for
a full blown literary review.
That's not what we have to put
in the dissertation form and in
the past, some students, what
they have done is they will
identify the keywords or key
concepts that they want to deal
with or relevant to their
dissertation project. OK.
And they will start some
preliminary research for
literatures based on this
concept.
And provide a list of.
Literatures in the form. OK.
And some and very often in
addition to, you know, using
concepts or using keywords to
guide your search for
literature. Sometimes students
also also use our literature to
identify the gap in the the gap
in the literature to justify the
importance or originality of
their research.
Right. Again, as I say, you know
in turn 3, when you present your
your your project.
We can have a more specific
discussion about, you know, like
how does your research really
feel in the gap in the
literature? Because there are so
many different ways to come up
with the argument that your
research is important. Your
research is trying to fill in
the gap. But usually speaking,
researches have been using
different strategies to justify
the importance of research, for
instance.
Let me again use a politics
example. Democracy, you know
well, democracy is very
important. We think that's, you
know, at least in our in our
contemporary era, people think
is when some of the post
political, some of the best
political systems ever. OK.
So maybe some people were like,
some people will ask the
question, let's take a look at
the first example, theoretical
empirical tensions or
contradictions. OK, so a lot of
political scientists argue that
sometimes our countries become
democracy because it's the
strategic choice of the dictator
to.
Stay politically.
Viable or to survive the
transition to democracy.
For instance, you know it's
kinda like the dictator has a
really planned about you know
how he can stay in power after
his country becomes a democracy.
OK, however.
There was a recent paper by
Daniel Trisman from UCLA.
Basically, he went back to a lot
of historical cases of
democratic transition and
eventually his conclusion is.
The the prominent or existing
theory may not be right because
many cases of democratic
transition happened because the
dictators.
Is couple it.
So which means we should not
assume dictators are rational.
Our rational actor, and because
they may make a lot of errors in
their calculate in their
calculation and eventually
Democrats just happen because it
happened. OK, so finding
contradiction of things that do
not make sense in the literature
is one of the ways to to justify
the importance of the research.
And sometimes you can also say,
OK, my research is important
because I'm using a different
theoretical perspective for
instance.
There has been a long discussion
about, for instance, why in some
countries now there are so many
political parties, but in some
countries there are only two
political parties, right? So
basically we're trying to
explain the variation in terms
of party system across different
democracies and the some
scholars will say, OK, it's
probably because of the
underlying societal cleavages.
And some scholars will say, OK,
it's probably because of the
electric system. OK.
And you may come in to say,
well, maybe the reason why some
countries have more parties than
others is because of something
else, something other than this
too. Based on your personal
observations on over
experiences. OK, you can also
try to justify the importance of
research by saying you're using
a different empirical method.
For instance, you can say.
Let's again use democracy as an
example.
Some scholars have.
Made the argument by saying
income inequality is going to
increase not only the chance of
revolution, but also the chance
of democratic transition, and
they have been using very fancy
econometrics model to show that
and they can come in and say,
OK, there's so many quantitative
study, but there has not been
much really careful qualitative
case studies.
For interviews, if if you can
find political elites who took
part in the process transition
to also try to interview that
right. So this is one of the
example of where you say OK, I
want to the reason why my
research is important because
I'm using a different empirical
method that other people have
not used very much.
And next you can also try to
justify the importance of
research by saying my research
is new because it extends to a
new historical period, it
extends to a new case. OK.
And finally, this is kind of one
of the you know like one of the
research I like most. Some
research will try to explore
untested conventional wisdom.
For instance, for a long time,
people say, OK, democracy is
really important.
We should defend democracy and
the democracy is all about free
and fair election, because free
and fair elections are going to
create a countable politicians.
This kind of thing. You guys
know the argument I'm talking
about.
But.
Here's the thing, on the one
thing you know, if we look
around across different
countries, you know, I'm sure
you can notice that you know,
it's not really always the case
that elections can create a
comfortable and creative. Oh,
sorry, accountable and
responsive government. That's
the first thing. Another thing
is we actually don't have any
empirical.
Evidence to say if you make
elections free.
And the fair the politicians
will be responsive to voters
demand.
It's kind of like one of the
weirdest situations that you
know, something that has been
taken for granted. But when it
comes to empirical evidence or
when it comes to the mechanism,
we don't know very much about.
So George Ofusso, he's a scholar
of African politics from Ghana.
He's a professor at LSE at this
moment on his PhD thesis is
about this.
He's trying to use some original
experimental experimental study,
archival research, and the
interviews to find out what is
the mechanism for free and fair
elections to create responsive
government and eventually the
conclusion he come out. He comes
out West and it's really great,
you know, first he shows that
free and fair elections don't
always exist and free and fair
elections don't always lead to.
Good government, we will need
some additional condition for
this to happen.
So where I will leave you to
think about kind of like reflect
on the findings, but I would
encourage everybody. The big
lesson here is your research can
try to challenge untested
conventional wisdom. OK, so
before I move on to the next
page, just two additional points
for Social Research students.
You can write a dissertation
about research methods.
For instance, you know.
What is the best survey
technique in the global S when a
lot of people may not have
reliable Internet connection to
do online service? This kind of
thing, right? So if you want to
write a dissertation, OK, about
research methods, feel free to
get in touch with me. You can
either write about.
Quant or quality methods? For
instance, I'm writing a research
about doing field research in
authoritarian regimes, in
particular China.
Right. Because you know, I know
Laura has been teaching you guys
a lot of, you know, very useful
qualitative techniques to do
research. But any of the but for
many of the methods you have
learned.
Many for many of the collagen
methoding you are thinking about
applying them to authoritarian
regimes, and you definitely need
additional thinking. So I'm
working with my PhD student at
Kinks College, who is also
working on on Chinese politics
to write a paper on, you know,
what are the things we need to
pay attention to? For instance,
when we try to do elite
interviews or when we are trying
to do.
Ethnography open, we're trying
to do archival research. OK. So
if you want to write a method
dissertation, highly
encouraging. And uh, please talk
to me. And finally, uh, if you
want to write something about
artificial intelligence, also
really encourage, right. And if
you are taking master class list
here, we're going to have a few
weeks to talk about the
application of artificial
intelligence in Social Research.
Most seriously, I think we're
going to have maybe one or two
weeks on that, OK.
And finally remember.
You are using the literature
selectively and strategically OK
to think through why your
research is important and to
kind of refine your research
questions you know by
identifying the gap in the
literature. And finally, I would
also encourage everybody to use
the literature to to, to to
guide your supervisor
preferences. For instance, if
you think someone can be your
supervisor, my recommendation is
you should read at least one of
their published works, OK.
So this is the book I highly
recommend if you want to
delivers review and the first
three parts of the book is
basically teaching you how to
summarise existing research and
using existing research to
identify where you want to get
in. You know that kind of like
that the gap you want to get in
to make your original
contribution highly recommend.
And if you think you know, given
the research topic, you know
it's too much. You don't know
where to start because if you go
to Google.
You may encounter like I know
millions of research articles
and you don't even know which
one's good. Which one's the most
influential one? You don't even
know where to start. Then my
recommendation is you should go
to annual reviews.
This is a fabulous resource
because annual reviews every
year they were invite leading
scholars across different
subject areas across different
topics to write about things
they they research. For
instance, there can be a like
really good annual review or
political science articles
about.
Why voters vote for the
opposition in authoritar
regimes, many authoritarian
regimes have elections, but the
voters also know, you know,
sometimes on these are only
window dressing because, for
instance, if you go to the, you
know, if you go to take part in
elections in North Korea, you
know people are going to vote
for Kim Jong Un anyway. But if
you look at the data, you'll see
some people still don't vote for
Kim Jong Un.
So that's one of the very
interesting questions that we
still don't know very don't know
very much about is.
Which is how voters behave in
non democratic settings. OK, so
this is just one of the examples
on where you can find if you go
to read a article about
authoritarian elections
published by annual reviews so
highly recommend. And I think
it's going to save you a lot of
time as well if you don't want
to just start from scratch by
going to on Google scholars or
whatever place. OK.
And you also have to identify
your research methods or
research design, but not in the
very technical way, because I
know many of you will move on to
take Lora's module. So the key
idea.
Here is you want to provide some
preliminary information or
alternative information in a
list of two aspects. First, what
are the data or evidence you
want to deal with, OK.
So in the research form, I'm
sorry in the research proposal
form you can see, you know,
primary research material. So
you may come to the idea that,
oh, I have to do primary
research. No, that's not what we
meant.
You can use primary data by
doing your survey by conducting
interviews by yourself, or you
can use secondary data. For
instance, for many of you I will
presume British social attitudes
surveys.
Conducted by the National Centre
for Social Research at the City,
University of London will be a
really useful resource for you,
OK.
And yeah, so the first thing you
need to describe here is the
kind of evidence you want to
deal with and then.
You need to talk about.
What kind of method you want to
use to collect your data? For
instance, you know when it comes
to interview, interview is a
method of data collection.
Interview is really not a method
of data analysis because
actually you use interviews to
collect your data. You know
there are a number of options
you can use to analyse your
interview.
Your interview transcript, for
instance, you can use discourse
analysis, especially for coding
and discourse analysis. It can
also use.
On something we call thematic
analysis, or can they? Or you
can use other ways to to to
analyse your interview
transcript more systematically.
OK, so talk about the data. Talk
about the method of data
collection. And finally you can
talk about how you're going to
analyse your data. OK, for
instance, again for interviews.
You know, you have a number of
options in that regard. And when
it comes to, say, survey, you
can say, OK.
I'm going to use survey to
collect my data and.
To to or or get on second data
from another well known.
Sources and then you can say OK,
I want to use.
I want to use multiple linear
regression or whatever
quantitive analysis to to
analyse the server data. OK, I
want to emphasise you don't have
to be comprehensive, you don't
have to be super technical but
just give us some ideas. Because
for instance, if you propose to
do a quant dissertation, chances
are I have to give you.
Punt I I have to give you a
quant scholar. I can't. I I
don't think I can't. I I can
give you a scholars to, to, to,
to, to supervise you. If you're
doing a quant dissertation. But
of course you can also do mixed
method research. But here's the
caveat for mixed method research
for everybody mixed method
research is interesting.
Rewarding.
But also more time consuming.
And you, some students may come
in with the idea that.
Active mixed method research to
get a distinction mark. The
answer is no.
As long as you show.
Very rigorous craft of
scholarship, which can either be
a single method or multi method
or mixed method depending on
what you call that you will be
rewarded. OK, so the number of
method you are using has nothing
to do with the quality of your
dissertation. I want to make
that really really explicit from
from the very beginning. OK and
going back to what I say about
what do you mean by primary
research material, OK.
So OK, it's really not just
about you using primary data,
it's about you have to do
primary analysis to the date,
whatever data you are dealing
with and by primary analysis.
I mean you need to provide your
own analysis, OK?
This is the most important thing
that makes Social Research and
dissertations different from
most of the MSC dissertations,
because for other MSC
dissertations, it's not a
requirement, but for you guys.
This is the requirement and you
have your dissertation needs
some empirical component and
empirical analysis has to be
original has to come from you,
OK. And I would recommend
everybody to read on this really
short, maybe three or four
pieces about the art of writing
proposals. It's written by Alan
Schwabowski and his colleague
and well, they are some of the
most brilliant social
researchers in history and
these.
Short guideline was published as
you can see.
In the 1990s and but it's 2024,
we still recommend every single
poster graded students to read
this. It's not a long piece. I
would say it's probably just
going to take you like 30
minutes to finish the whole
thing. OK. Finally supervisor.
OK.
In the dissertation proposal
form at the end, we're going to
ask you to nominate.
Our supervisors, but obviously
if you have already decided a
person you want to work with.
You can just put that person's
name, but please give me one or
more names. OK. And in that
presentation proposal form, we
can find like some additional
explanations or the link to
relevant web pages on the
college's website to try to, you
know, get to to to try to get a
sense, you know, just who are
available out there for you. OK.
So the idea is.
For most Social Research
students and the Ms politics.
Oh, hold on, I should do this
separately, separately.
But enrist politics, the key
the.
Ideal situation is you should be
supervised by a politics
scholar, but it's not a
requirement. If you find another
person that you think.
Better or more suitable, feel
free to put that person in a
form, OK? And for social
researcher students, there are
two situations as well for MSC
Social Research students.
Ideally, your supervisor should
come from within the School of
Social Sciences, but in history.
We have sent the social
researcher students to other
schools and the faculty. For
instance, we had a Social
Research students supervised by
a colleague from the School of
Psychological Sciences and
Effective Sciences in the past,
because there was a very
original and very unusual
project, and that student
eventually also got a
distinction because I really
love that project, I probably
should dig down, dig out that
dissertation and upload the
dissertation to Moodle to show
you guys OK.
But MSC services research as
students. If you want to go to
places like the School of
Historical Studies or School of
Communication Culture and
Creative Arts, you can, but your
priorities should be within the
School of Social Sciences. OK,
so now next. Finally, for
embrace Social Research
students. Because each of you
has a designated subject area,
you should start with.
Your designated subject area,
for instance, if you're doing a
plan, linguistics.
You should go to the School of
communication, culture and
Creative Arts to find a
supervisor in applied
linguistics and if you are doing
Aristotle research and low in
the legal studies, you should go
to business law school to find a
supervisor unless you are
trying, unless you unless you
cannot find anyone you like,
anyone you think suitable then
you know come to talk to me as
soon as possible and we'll try
to figure out you know.
Who can be the best supervisor
for you? Because supervised
allocation for Social Research
and and best positive students
is a bit more nuanced and
complicated. Computes other
programmes and it usually it
involves a lot of, you know,
complication and collaboration.
Only between you and me, but
also between me and other
colleagues at Burbank. OK. And
in a proposal form, I would
encourage everybody to tell me
why you think this person will
be a suitable supervisor for
you. Because sometimes when I
reach out to your potential
supervisors, I have to. I have
to introduce you to other
people. I may have to defend you
by saying, for instance, what
the students is very hard
working, very diligent and.
The students working on
something really interesting and
hopefully you know I I I have to
tell. I have to try to convince
my colleague to serve as your
supervisor. So the more
information you give me.
The easier things will be for
both of us and for everybody.
All right? So in terms of the
supervisor, what supervisors can
do.
You can find the relevant
policies and guidelines on
Moodle, but usually you are
entitled to three meetings OK3
meetings with your supervisor
and the supervisors can do a lot
of things for you and you can
read the text by yourself. But I
just want to remind everybody a
number of things. First, it's
your responsibility to arrange
meetings and keep a good
contact.
With your supervisor programme,
directors usually don't get
involved, even though I'm your
secondary supervisor, right?
Usually I only intervene.
Under a number of very extreme
situations, for instance, you
need me for substantive
guidance. For instance, you want
to do one of the research, and
the US supervisor does not know
how to do quantum research, then
I will jump in to tell you how
to do that, OK, or I have to
jump in because your supervisors
will be on study leave on
sabbatical, which means that
they are not working OK or.
When your supervisor leaves
Burbank, which means your
supervisor is no longer
available to you.
OK, so usually it's your
responsibility to just. I will
leave you and the supervisors to
work with each other. So I would
say maybe take a look at the
references available on Moodle
to see how you can manage a
healthy supervision of
relationships. OK.
Because supervisors on the one
hand, they are your mentor on
their your.
They are your teachers, but.
Keep in mind they are not your
assistant.
They don't always work around
your schedule. They don't live
for. They may not be 24 hour
available to you, because
sometimes students may come in
saying, OK, I have this idea.
Please tell me how to make it
happen. This is not how
supervision happens. OK. So
supervision usually involves a
very constructive and very
engaging conversation between
you and your supervisors. And we
don't always go with what you
say because from our
perspective.
As your teacher, right, we also
need to tell you some ideas may
not work OK, so try to find the
balance. But of course if you
encounter any difficulty or if
you want to have a conversation
about how to how to build a
healthy working relationship
with your supervisors, feel free
to get in touch. But you can
also find some potential
guidelines and the references
are Moodle.
Either from these two documents
I listed here, or some
additional materials I put.
OK, so this is the the the the
you know one of the examples,
OK, where you can find the list
of staff members in the school
social sciences. But of course
if you go to other schools,
they'll also have their
corresponding staff pages. OK
and this is a book I recommend I
had to recommend everybody
because I I think this is a
really nontraditional book where
Tom Mullaney, who is a really
good friend of mine.
They are trying to really reveal
kind of like the struggles you
have to go through to come out
with a research question, right,
because sometimes, you know,
some people do research because
it's about you.
It's about your experience. You
want to you want to make sense
of your personal experience, but
if you want to do research,
especially if I want to put your
research agenda to the next
level when other people ask you
to talk about your research, you
have to come up with another
argument saying, OK, my research
is important. My research
question is relevant. It's not
just because it's about me. It's
about. It's about something more
general about the society.
About the literature, about
things we try to understand.
So building the connection may
not be really obvious, and it
may not be necessary for some
students, but I do think
encourage everybody to think
about this and if you are taking
my investigating the social
board next turn, we'll have a
more careful discussion about
this book.
And finally, just want to remind
everybody, Mudo is your best
friend, OK, you can find.
Some readings and useful
readings and the resources. You
can also find a calendar of
workshops, and I'm going to
upload the slides of the of
these workshop after after we
finish today. And you can also
find a sample dissertation from
previous year. We're still in
the process of marking the most
recent cohort all right. So I
would say in December, January
you'll find you'll find some
additional.
Sample dissertations on
submitted by students in
September 24, and there's also a
page about ethics and risk
assessment. I want to remind
everybody the current process of
ethics of risk assessment is
very, very rigorous. Much, much
more rigorous compared with
various years. So.
And if you think you are going
to do something involving real
human beings, then you have to
do you have to summon the ethics
application and the current rule
says that it's going to be the
the task beating you and your
supervisors, and in some cases
we may have to escalate your
ethics application to either the
faculty of your.
Or the faculty or the college,
depending on how sensitive your
topic is. Of course you know
sensitive is a low return so.
If you're thinking that your
topic may be sensitive well, or
you'll get that idea from me
because I'm going to read your
autistic proposal for in
January, I'm going to let you
know and I'm going to remind you
to start preparing ethics
application as soon as possible.
For instance, a few years ago, a
student was trying to study.
Study chem. Sex among same sex
couples in London.
Do do do you guys know what is
sex, sex.
Cancer is basically, you know,
using illegal drugs during sex
anyway, so very important, very
important topic, very engaging.
But the students originally
proposed to do interviews, and
their idea was shut down by the
college because we think it was
too dangerous and it was too
sensitive. But eventually they
still have managed to come up
with, say, alternative method
and they still got one of the
oh, my God, one of the best
marks ever.
I probably should off. I'm going
to operate that dissertation as
well to Mudo. I don't think I
have not done that because we
just finished marking and
approving the mark of Dash
dissertation. Yeah, but that is
a student from M rest. Such a
research and agenda and
sexuality.
Well, I love Emery students and
students as well, of course,
emras politics, right? And then
finally, you also find you can
also find a page where you
submit your proposal form and
the dissertation.
For many of you again.
I would expect you to submit
dissertation in September 2025,
but things can happen, so we're
going to get, I'm going to get
in touch with everybody again
near the end of the school year
to tell you how you should, how
you should request a deferral,
OK.
So to conclude our.
Bookshop. I know it's been a lot
of information. Thankfully we
are recording.
Your main task is the
dissertation proposal form and
please submit your form before
12th January 2025 OK and the
next time you're going to hear
from me is when you hear from me
about who's going to be your
supervisor or when I confirm
who's going to be your
supervisor with you. All right.
That's going to happen in
February.
OK, so these are the two people
you should keep in mind. You
know, if you are invest
politics, then you belong to
Doctor Barry maiden. And if your
Social Research, I'm sorry.
You're gonna stick with me and
we are here to listen to you. We
are here to help you and
hopefully you know you can reach
the end and complete a
dissertation.
Successfully, all right.
So that's it. Let's open the
floor for.